Add commands with runTests.sh for building (#265)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-ContributionWorkflow: Documentation/Appendix/SettingUpTypo3Ddev.rst

.. _ddev-composer-install:

Build
=====

It is recommended to run tasks such as :bash:`composer install` etc. via the
:ref:`runTests.sh <runTests_sh>` script. We provide the direct commands in some
places - in case there is good reason to run the commands directly. But, if you

> need the direct commands, you are encouraged to check look them up yourself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
need the direct commands, you are encouraged to look them up
```

using the instructions in :ref:`run-tests-directly-without-docker`.

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: runTests.sh

      ::

         Build/Scripts/runTests.sh -s composerInstall

   .. group-tab:: DDEV

      ::

         ddev composer install

> The following is not necessary for the initial build, but once you change some assets (e.g.

Reviewer: I can't say for sure. But I think to remember we wanted to use "for example" preferably over "e.g.".
```suggestion
The following is not necessary for the initial build, but once you change some assets (for example
```
